magento/devdocs#: Docs: Add documentation for related/upsell/crosssell products (DEVELOP) (#4986)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/reference/products.md

`categories` | [CategoryInterface] | The categories assigned to the product. See [categories endpoint]({{ page.baseurl }}/graphql/reference/categories.html) for more information
`country_of_manufacture` | String | The product's country of origin
`created_at` | String | Timestamp indicating when the product was created

> `crosssell_products` | [[ProductInterface](#ProductInterface)] | Cross-sell product(s)

Reviewer: I would suggest clarifying the description slightly
```suggestion
`crosssell_products` | [[ProductInterface](#ProductInterface)] | An array of cross-sell products
```
This suggestion is fair for all types of related products

Author: **implemented**

Thanks, @rogyar
